Use the same font and color that you have used in GodLore
-----------------------------------------
Sifter the Sorcerer
Sifter was a Kenku that wasn't blessed with the gift of speech and used his magic in order to communicate with the people around him. It is said that he lost an arm during an adventure but was blessed with a magical arm though the origins of the arm and its magic have been lost to time.
Lyfnet Groverun the Druid
Lyfnet is a Centaur who was said to be the voice of reason within the group and had to constantly stop the more unruly members of their group from getting in to trouble. Her command of nature was so vast and powerful that legends say that she could grow an entire forest within only a few hours even if the ground itself wasn't rich with nutrients.
Kaxan Vygar the Paladin
Kaxan was a man of pride and took his oath to heart, protecting those that could not protect themselves as well as slaying any monster that wished to do harm to people. Because of his loyal service it is believed that the gods took notice and ascended him to a higher state of being now responsible for watching not only our plane but others as well.
Bearnard Bearington the Monk
Bearnard's origins are a mystery, some say he was just a bear that became sentient thru fey magic, some say it was a divine boon, but whichever one it was the important thing for him was helping and sharing his gift of the monk arts to other people around the world establishing one of the early Dojos within the world. He helped found the "High Bear Nation" in where the local royalty in the continent gave him the title Baron which he took and eventually passed onto his daughter Bearnadette who still is the person ruling over their land to this day.
Aqua Ryam the Ranger
Aqua was originally an outcast from her home country for taking an interest in surface where they said she travelled for awhile before meeting the other heroes. She wasn't particularly knowledgeable with surface customs so it was said she had a hard time adjusting to the surface but eventually with the help of the others eventually learned and became a deadly marksman that gathered info about their potential opponents along with Ral'azi whom she had a close intimate relationship with. According to legends she eventually returned back into the ocean, back to her country and was one of the key people in creating a partnership between them and the surface dwellers.
Ghetta Lyf the Fighter
Ghetta's real name was never know except maybe to the other heroes but they seemed to always introduced themselves as that so eventually people just accepted that as their name. Described as a person who did their own thing most of the time, they usually caused trouble for the group with their constant drinking and partying along with their fellow hero Kra'ak who always challenged them to drinking contests to ultimately lose to Ghetta everytime. But legends do say despite their usual attitude, Ghetta always prioritized helping and saving people ready to drop basically anything they were doing in order to help someone in dire need. They had an affinity for children and is sometimes looked at as a protector of children and some people to this day create and sell necklaces with their face or symbol as a sign of protection for their children.
Kra'ak Godbreaker the Barbarian
Kra'ak was a large but well meaning man, his often destructive nature on the battlefield was contrasted with his love of animals as he would constantly take care of small animals during their journeys and always raised them until they were old enough and set them back into the wild. He would often get into drinking contests with Ghetta which he  always lost to but also constantly trained and sparred with Bearnard as he saw him as his rival. Some say that his strength is unmatched and legends say he destroyed a small hill in a fit of rage and is now a field that the locals have used as a farm ground and named it after him.
Mystica Alexandria the Cleric
Hailing from the vast desert, it is said that Mystica was blessed by the stars with her powers as she used it to go around the land and helping anyone she could as a healer. Because of this some people have hailed her as a goddess and some still praise her as one to this day. Some legends say that she didn't really perish but simply became one with the stars in the sky as she looks over the world and blesses people who need it.
Pierra Forma the Bard
Pierra was a person who saw their craft as their top priority above most things. It is said they performed in every land in the world and garnering a lot of fans along the way who were very dedicated to their songs and shows that some say Pierra basically had an army should they ever want to mobilize their fans to do something. Pierra was so well known that the work "Performance" was derived from her name that people use to this day. Unfortunately late into their career they retired from the stage as some of their fans were becoming violent and lashed out at anyone who speaked ill of them, they were quoted as saying "i became a bard to inspire hope and love in people and this violent actions are not what I want" as they retired. They shortly created a school that stands to this day to teach Music to aspiring bards.
Vatoris the Wise the Wizard
Vatoris was commonly referred to as the brains of the group whom everyone went to for wisdom. Legends say that in his pursuit of knowledge, he has read every academic book at the time and wrote some books that some wizards and other magic users use to this day. They say through his mastery of magic, he could see into the future and because of that was able to help prevent tragedies from happening. After his time with the heroes he established an order to protect a precious artifact recruiting some powerful beings to protect them. Some people say that he eventually found a way to live for a long time if not become immortal because of his knowledge of magic among other things and some people have sworn to have seen him exploring these lands even in the present, although proof of these are shaky at best.
Ral'azi the Shadow the Rogue
Ral'azi was looked down on by most of society at the time which pushed her to hide her identity for the most part with only the other Heroes truly knowing what she really looked like. She usually kept to the shadows and tended to not stick out even when the Heroes were celebrated for their mighty feats and was just content trying to do good around her. One of her motivations for pursuing being an adventurer as stated by one of the other Heroes was the fact that she was looked down upon and mistreated in her earlier years and vowed to not let anything like that happen again to other people if she can help it. Despite her usually keeping to herself an intimate relationship did blossom between her and Aqua as they were usually the two who scouted out and places where the group would've went for quests and/or saving people.
Z the Warlock
Not much is known about Z and her time before she joined the other Heroes other than the fact that she was just a regular half-elf as she stumbled into her patron's domain one day and became their warlock. She usually looked emotionless when one spoke to her but some people have also talked about how despite her cold attitude towards people underneath was a heart of gold that wanted to protect life and would be willing to risk her life to save people. Nowadays a cult naming themselves "the followers of Z" have made it their life mission to spread her word across the world but their questionable methods of praise leave most people avoiding them.